DOC-5790: Ledger recovery section new structure (#1831)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.11/enterprise/node/collaborative-recovery/ledger-recovery/usage.md

---
date: '2023-11-08'
menu:
  corda-enterprise-4-11:
    parent: corda-enterprise-4-11-ledger-recovery
tags:
- ledger recovery
title: Usage
weight: 700
---

# Usage

You can perform Ledger Recovery by using one of the following methods:

* Node shell commands
* Directly invoking the recovery flow, either from the node shell or programmatically within a CorDapp:

  ```kotlin
  net.corda.core.flows.LedgerRecoveryFlow
  ```

All recovery operations return a `LedgerRecoveryResult`.

> Use `verboseLogging` to generate detailed information in the Corda node logs for individual records and transactions recovered.

Author: Added

{{< important >}}

> You must restart the recovering node before calling the `LedgerRecoveryFlow.`

Author: Rephrased

---
date: '2023-11-08'
menu:
  corda-enterprise-4-11:
    parent: corda-enterprise-4-11-ledger-recovery
tags:
- ledger recovery
title: Usage
weight: 700
---

# Usage

> You can perform Ledger Recovery by using one of the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can perform Ledger Recovery using one of the following methods:
```

* Node shell commands
* Directly invoking the recovery flow, either from the node shell or programmatically within a CorDapp:

  ```kotlin
  net.corda.core.flows.LedgerRecoveryFlow
  ```

All recovery operations return a `LedgerRecoveryResult`.
Use `verboseLogging` to generate detailed information in the Corda node logs for individual records and transactions recovered.

> Use with caution as it is indeed verbose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable verbose logging with caution as it will increase the size of your logs.
```
